# covid-19-italy-sp-2020
ORIE 3120 

For this project, we decided to visualize the data from a dataset containing information regarding the spread of Coronavirus in Italy. We wanted to explore a topic for this project that would provide interesting and important information on subject matter that concerns us all. We felt that there was no better topic to explore than the COVID-19 pandemic currently affecting the world. As a part of this milestone, we brainstormed the areas in the world that the virus had a large reach in, but areas that also implemented rigid social distancing measures. Specifically, Italy, China, Singapore, and Korea came to mind, so we analyzed sources of information on these locations[A.1]. The Italy dataset we found, sourced from the Italian government, contains 19 features[A.2] and is updated several times a day. This data includes information on the country, each province, and each region. Since it provided so many useful measures and we can count on current information being added, we felt this was a good dataset to start answering some of our questions and chose to focus on Italy for our visualizations.

Through this project, we will explore how social distancing and testing measures have had an effect on Italy, and how the spread has been contained from the initial outbreak to now. We also would like to know what the growth model of the virus looks like; we are assuming that the virus experienced exponential growth in Italy until the strict social distancing measures were put into place. Furthermore, we hope to see how effective the social distancing measures were on the rate of infection. We would also like to see if there were any surprising spikes shown from the dataset in regards to the spread of the virus. If there were random spikes in the number of infections, despite strict distancing measures in place, it would be interesting to further examine that. 

